index.md, before:

--- 
layout: page
title: Home
subtitle: My Personal Website
image: /img/avatar-icon.png
light-image: /img/avatar-icon-light.png
---

Hello, you have reached [my](/aboutme) personal website.  
Not sure if i would regularly update this, but I will try to keep it up to date.

If you know me personally, you would know that I am Mathematics shitposter and, to a lesser extent, a Computer Science nerd too.
I hope that this website will be a good place to share my thoughts and ideas, as well as some of the things I have been working on.
If you are a math nerd as well, you might find some of the things I have been working on interesting.
If you are a recruiter, you might find my [CV](/files/CV/cv_single.pdf) interesting.
If you are not a math nerd, you can refer to the "non math stuff" section below.
<!-- If you have something to tell and wish to do so anonymously, you may drop a message [here](www.google.com). [Here](/responses) are my responses to (some of) your messages. -->


# Links
## Math stuff
* [Math stuff](/blog) - Writing about math

## Non-Math stuff
<!-- * [Notes](/notes) - these are non-math notes
* [Tutorials](/tuts), pages I made while TA'ing for courses at NUS -->
* [NUS_Resources](/nus-resources) random stuff i found helpful while studying at NUS

## Tutorials, of sorts
* [(Quick) intro to LaTeX](/latex)
* [Setting up math keyboard shortcuts (Android)](/shortcuts)

---

This website was made using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).
I am not a web developer, but I would recommend using Jekyll if you are looking to make a personal website.

## Visitor count
<table>
    <tr>
        <td>You are visitor</td>
        <td><img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/bouncycrab/count.svg" alt="vistor count" height="50" /></td>
    </tr>
</table>
(Count was started on 4th May 2025.)  
(This is most likely not a very good measure since it updates with every refresh but oh, well.)

Commit message:

Update config and images, remove unused files

index.md, after:

--- 
layout: page
title: Home
subtitle: My Personal Website
image: /img/about.jpg
light-image: /img/about.jpg
---

“The other thing that’s a big danger for CS students is spending too much time on stuff that doesn’t matter. Like writing a website for yourself. That doesn’t count. You have to work on real problems.”
— Paul Graham, from a talk at Stanford (2006)

"You should also not trust everything you read on the internet."
— Me, from a website I made

# Welcome to my website!

If you know me personally, you would know that I am Mathematics shitposter and, to a lesser extent, a Computer Science nerd too.
* I hope that this website will be a good place to share my thoughts and ideas, as well as some of the things I have been working on.
* If you are a math nerd as well, you might find some of the things I have been working on interesting.
<!-- If you are a recruiter, you might find my [CV](/files/CV/cv_single.pdf) interesting. -->
* If you are not a math nerd, you can refer to the "non math stuff" section below.
<!-- If you have something to tell and wish to do so anonymously, you may drop a message [here](www.google.com). [Here](/responses) are my responses to (some of) your messages. -->


# Links
## Math(and by extension, computer science) stuff
* [Math stuff](/blog) - random stuff

## Non-Math stuff
<!-- * [Notes](/notes) - these are non-math notes
* [Tutorials](/tuts), pages I made while TA'ing for courses at NUS -->
* [NUS_Resources](/nus-resources) random stuff i found helpful while studying at NUS + stuff for my TA

## Tutorials, of sorts
* [Setting up math keyboard shortcuts (Android)](/shortcuts)

---

This website was made using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).
I am not a web developer, but I would recommend using Jekyll if you are looking to make a personal website.

## Visitor count
<table>
    <tr>
        <td>You are visitor</td>
        <td><img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/bouncycrab/count.svg" alt="vistor count" height="50" /></td>
    </tr>
</table>
(Count was started on 4th May 2025.)  
(This is most likely not a very good measure since it updates with every refresh but oh, well.)
